README.md, before:

# math-assist
an easy-to-use and not-garbage program to do math.

## installation
_math-assist_ has no dependencies for users, and can be used by simply downloading mathassist.jar from the main repository. if you have jre 1.8 installed, you can run it by simply double-clicking.

if you want to edit the eclipse files, you will need the [jzy3d](https://github.com/jzy3d/jzy3d-api) plotting library, and you'll need to add it as a Maven dependency. I barely understand Maven myself, so if you don't know how to do that, sucks to be you.

## instructions
_math-assist_ has a simple and intuitive gui of three main parts. in the lower left-hand corner, you will find your command line. enter any equations, commands, or assignments here. above this terminal is your history, which shows all previous commands. to the right is the graphical display, which will graphically depict whatever is selected. finally, in the bottom right is your heap, which shows any variables that have been defined. built-in symbols and functions can be found in the menus at the top, as can more modes and options.

## features
_math-assist_ comes equipped with any and all capabilities you could ever want (within reason), regardless of whether you are a mere layman or a phd. features include:
  - simplifying expressions
  - storing variables
  - plotting in up to 4 dimensions
  - solving systems of equations
  - differentiation
  - unit conversions
  - and much more!

## premise
you may ask yourself, why make such a big fuss over a calculator app? plenty of those already exist! what makes yours different?
well, hypothetical sir, the answer is, mine is not garbage.

perhaps i could have phrased that more lightly, but the point stands. all calculator apps on computers and phones are emulations of old calculators that had a total of twenty buttons and a single slot of memory. the best calculator apps by far are emulations of ti-84s, with their slow processors and pixelated displays. if you want to really plot and analyze equations, you need to go to something more heavy-duty, like matlab or wolfram alpha. but those are expensive applications that take up loads of disk space. this app seeks to fix all of these horrible calculators by combining the best featuers of all of these. _math-assist_ is as intuitive as a calculator, easy to use as a ti-84, and powerful as matlab. what's more, _math-assist_ is free! who doesn't like freedom? kim jung un, that's who. don't be a korean dictator. use _math-assist_.

Commit message:

Reimplemented capital letters in the README
I apparently accidentally removed most (but not all) of the capital letters from my README when I added Maven and only just noticed. Oops. I've fixed it now. I also made the README slightly less sexist whilst at it.

README.md, after:

# Math-Assist
An easy-to-use and not-garbage program to do math.

## Installation
_Math-Assist_ has no dependencies for users, and can be used by simply downloading mathassist.jar from the main repository. if you have JRE 1.8 installed, you can run it by simply double-clicking.

If you want to edit the eclipse files, you will need the [jzy3d](https://github.com/jzy3d/jzy3d-api) plotting library, and you'll need to add it as a Maven dependency. I barely understand Maven myself, so if you don't know how to do that, sucks to be you.

## instructions
_Math-Assist_ has a simple and intuitive GUI of four main parts. In the lower left-hand corner, you will find your command line. Enter any equations, commands, or assignments here. Above this terminal is your history, which shows all previous commands. To the right is the graphical display, which will graphically depict whatever is selected. Finally, in the bottom right is your heap, which shows any variables that have been defined. Built-in symbols and functions can be found in the left sidebar, and options don't exist yet, but will probably also go in the sidebar or something.

## features
_Math-Assist_ comes equipped with any and all capabilities you could ever want (within reason), regardless of whether you are a mere layman or a PhD. Features include:
  - simplifying expressions
  - storing variables
  - plotting in up to 4 dimensions
  - solving systems of equations
  - differentiation
  - unit conversions
  - and much more!

## premise
You may ask yourself, why make such a big fuss over a calculator app? Plenty of those already exist! What makes yours different?
Mell, hypothetical sir or ma'am, the answer is, mine is not garbage.

Perhaps I could have phrased that more lightly, but the point stands. All calculator apps on computers and phones are emulations of old calculators that had a total of twenty buttons and a single slot of memory. The best calculator apps by far are emulations of TI-84s, with their slow processors and pixelated displays. If you want to really plot and analyze equations, you need to go to something more heavy-duty, like MatLab or Mathematica. But those are expensive applications that take up loads of disk space. You could go to Wolfram Alpha, but who wants to rely on an internet connection to do math? This app seeks to fix all of these horrible calculators by combining the best features of all of them. _Math-Assist_ is as intuitive as a calculator, easy to use as a TI-84, and powerful as MatLab. what's more, _Math-Assist_ is free! who doesn't like freedom? Kim Jung Un, that's who. don't be a Korean dictator. Use _Math-Assist_.
